[Console] Deprecating Command getDefaultName and getDefaultDescription methods (#59565)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Console/CHANGELOG.md

 * Add support for invokable commands and add `#[Argument]` and `#[Option]` attributes to define input arguments and options
 * Deprecate not declaring the parameter type in callable commands defined through `setCode` method
 * Add support for help definition via `AsCommand` attribute

>  * Deprecate static methods `Command::getDefaultName()` and `Command::getDefaultDescription()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Deprecate methods `Command::getDefaultName()` and `Command::getDefaultDescription()` in favor of the `#[AsCommand]` attribute
```
